feat:[CDS-84596]: Add custom headers functionality in webhook notification method (#5245)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/x-platform-cd-features/cd-steps/notify-users-of-pipeline-events.md

Note that the expression must be evaluated in the context of the event. For example, stage related expressions may not be valid for pipeline start events. 

### Add Custom Headers
Webhook notification method allows you to add custom headers consisting of key-value pairs that facilitates the creation of reusable custom webhook entities.

Some important points to note:-

> 1. You can add a headers by clicking on ``+ Add Header``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You can add a header by clicking on ``+ Add Header``.
```

@krishi0408 Let's change `headers` to `header`.

2. You can delete a header by clicking on delete icon.
3. A header can either be a ``Fixed value`` or an ``Expression``.
4.  You can test your webhook integeration by clicking on ``Test``.
![](./static/custom_header.png)

Sample pipeline YAML with a webhook notification method, consisting of custom headers:- 
```yaml
notificationRules:
    - name: test
      identifier: test
      pipelineEvents:
        - type: AllEvents
        - type: PipelineStart
        - type: PipelineEnd
        - type: PipelineSuccess
        - type: PipelineFailed
        - type: StageFailed
        - type: StageSuccess
        - type: StageStart
        - type: StepFailed
      notificationMethod:
        type: Webhook
        spec:
          webhookUrl: https://custom_notify_webhook_url
          headers:
            accept: "*/*"
            authorization: <+pipeline.variables.Bearer_token>
            content-type: application/json
      enabled: true
```
:::info note

> Please note you should be able to include custom headers and payload only during the creation of custom webhooks.

Reviewer: @krishi0408 We can include custom headers and payload during updating existing webhook notification channels as well. Let's update this to something like
```suggestion
Please note that you should be able to include custom headers and payload while creating custom webhook notifications channel(s) as well as while updating the existing ones.
```
